Hey everyone, so at this point,
we're gonna show you how to do
two really important things.
The first we're gonna show you is
how to create a path variable,
these things can be used for
anything you want.
So a path variable is a tool that will
allow you to go straight to a file without
having to go to through
all the previous files.
So you don't have to
traverse folder by folder,
you can just go straight to your
destination using the path variable.
The second thing we're gonna show you
how to do is, how to modify a script.
Now, a script will allow you to execute
multiple commands on the command line,
by just executing the script.
So you dont have to go one by
one with each command there.
And so Robert here,
we're gonna jump to his screen and
he's gonna show you exactly
how to do all that.
>> Yeah, first off,
like to touch on what we kinda covered
at the very end of the last video.
In the last video we
downloaded a bunch of files.
Now, all of those files you need to
make sure that you have those unzipped.
And if you wanna stay a little
organized like I like to do is,
I made a little folder here on my
desktop and called it android.
I moved all of my files that I downloaded
into the boot loader file, and
then I placed it into this nice, little,
conveniently named android folder.
We'll go over that in a little bit, but
first off I wanna create this path
variable that Yukresh was talking about.
So, let's take a look
at the terminal here.
And for Macs, you're going to need
to execute this commands right here.
So I kind of have a little generic one
right there that I pasted up there.
But let's create one for us.
Particularly for
where I can my FASTBOOT located.
Now for me, I'm gonna go export and I
wanna call mine with lower case fastboot.
And you will see why I do this later.
But I'm gonna set my fastboot
variable equal to the home directory.
And then I'm going to my, not Desktop,
I'm gonna go to my Library.
Within my Library I have
a folder called android this
is just where I put my fastboot.
Inside my android folder,
I have my sdk and
inside there is the platform-tools and
once and for all the fastboot execute.
All right, so
if I hit enter here I should have created
a path variable to that
executable fastboot.
Now, that being said,
I mentioned that I put all of these
files over here into this folder.
So, if we click this android here, and
this was the boot loader
that I downloaded.
Now, inside that boot loader I told you I
put all of those files that I unzipped.
Well here you can see that I have my boot,
cache, persist,
recovery, system and userdata.
All of those were zipped, I unzipped them,
put them in my boot loader file.
And you'll see why,
because this little file right here,
this flashall file,
is a very important executable script
that's given to us by
the boot loader download.
Now what we're gonna do is we are gonna
kind of guide our way into this folder
through the terminal here.
So lets do that.
So the folder I am in right now, you
can see that I have Desktop right here.
I am going to cd into the Desktop
because that is where my android
folder is located.
Now that I'm in the android location,
I can cd into that android and
look what is in there.
That one extra folder that makes
things extra difficult for me.
>> cd, dragonboard.
>> Oh, cd dragonboard.
>> There you go.
>> Okay, so now i'm in there right?
>> Yeah.
>> Okay cool,
so you can see that
little flashall folder.
I have a text editor that I
like to use which is just vim,
all Macs should come with that.
>> All Macs have it.
>> But yeah so if I go into flashall
you can see this script that was so
nicely given to us by 96 boards.
>> By 96 ports, yeah.
>> Yeah, so now what we wanna do is we
wanna flash everything from here onto
the Dragonboard 410c.
In order to do we need to hit I,
that allows me to insert.
But we need to include a little-
>> $ there.
And as an you can see on the screen there,
theres a bunch of commands there.
And each one is its own command but
by putting it all executable,
you can just execute the executable.
And it'll just run the commands for you so
you don't have to type each one out.
And the reason he's putting that
$ in front of that fastboot is,
if you remember back to when
we made that path variable,
we created a path variable called
fastboot and it was all in lowercase.
So here your gonna see that the fastboot
path variable is also in lowercase.
And by putting a $ we're actually
calling that path variable.
So $ goes to that path variable,
calls on the fastboot executable,
calls on the function inside
that executable flash and
flash is that the appropriate file is on.
>> One little extra step
that we took here, was that,
like I said earlier, I said I unzipped
these and threw these in this folder.
Well I want this to do a little more for
me.
I know it's already gonna do a lot,
but I want it to do more.
So what I did is I kind of wrote
a little extra bit right here.
So you can see that I took
these commands right here, and
they're erasing what's
already on the board.
Well, I want to use those same
commands to give me a little more.
And that's essentially going
to erase everything and
then reflash all of these
extra files here now.
If I didn't put this in here,
you could just go individually and
flash one by one onto your board.
But this is gonna make
things a little quicker.
So if you want, right now, you can pause
the video and open up your flashall.
Copy this section over
here onto your script.
And then what you do invent at least, and
you can always look up these commands.
Oh yeah, actually, good point Yukresh.
So yeah, we also need to add these
$ because it is a path variable.
So, let's get those in there real quick.
Should've included that
in the copy paste part.
All right, so
now that we got all that in there.
You can go online, look up vin commands.
But yeah, so
basically your gonna hit escape.
Then you're gonna do colon and
then w for write, and q for quit.
You can hit enter so you officially
updated your flashall script
there to run all of the commands
you want it to run.
>> Yep, yeah.
>> Yeah, so let's execute that.
>> Wait, so actually, we'll see you on
the next video, and we'll actually show
you how to execute each of the files
onto the thing, onto the dragging board.
>> I was kinda jumping the gun there,
but yeah.
Okay, we'll see you next video.